
@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetFlags@const
\Returns MediaSampleFlags (DWORD)

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetIsPreroll@const
Determines if this sample is a preroll sample. A preroll
\sample should not be displayed.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetIsDiscontinuty@const
Determines if this sample represents a break in the data
stream.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetIsSyncPoint@const
Determines if the beginning of this sample is a
sychronization point

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetFormat
Pointer to the format block. The structure type is specified
by GetFormatType().

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetFormatSize
Size of the format block, in bytes.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetFormatType
Retrieves the formattype as described in <EXTLINK AM_MEDIA_TYPE>MediaType</EXTLINK>.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetComment
Retrieves an optional comment.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetActualLength@const
Retrives the actual data length.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetAllocatorProperties@long&@long&@long&@long&

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetEndTime
Retrieves the end time of the Sample.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetFixedSizeSamples@const
Determines whethter the samples have a fixed size.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetMajorType
Retrieves the major <EXTLINK AM_MEDIA_TYPE>MediaType</EXTLINK>.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetPackageNumber@const
Retrieves the package number. The number 0 must contains a
\long header.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetRefEndTime
Retrieves the end reference time of the sample.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetRefStartTime
Retrieves the start reference time of the sample.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetSampleSize
Retrieves the sample size. If the size is not fixed, the
actual size may be smaller.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetStartTime
Retrieves the Start time of the media sample.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetSubType
Retrieves the subtype of the <EXTLINK AM_MEDIA_TYPE>MediaType</EXTLINK>

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::GetTemporalCompression@const
If TRUE, samples are compressed using temporal (interframe)
compression. A value of TRUE indicates that not all frames
are key frames. This field is informational only.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::SetComment@CString&
Sets the Comment for the media sample.

@@CIPCMediaSampleRecord::MediaSampleFlags
Bit structure MediaSampleFlags

@@Zugriffsrechte
